[Applause]
it's time for something fun and maybe
even educational we teamed up with Snoop
Dogg for a beloved nature series that
has been nominated for so many awards we
don't even accept them anymore
we throw them right in the recycling bin
and with that said let the learning
begin in tonight's infrared camera
edition of planet Earth what up there
with me big snoop d-o-double-g the host
with the most roll the tape uh-oh Batman
that's a big-ass bed - it makes a smooth
landing and like he's eyeballing
something what oh do you see the fang on
that thing is that a scorpion watch out
cause back up yeah cuz you big don't
mean nothing cuz you may get hit see
that scorpion tail is vicious one thing
about a scorpion he's not big in size
but he packs a big punch when he gets
that if he can get that clipping
to him damn yeah there you go
tenderizing thank him shaking you ain't
getting away from him nephew no no no oh
oh we hit him with the pig but is it
working
he's been flipped dip the bat Caicedo
that's one thing about the bat he ain't
got no eyes he can't see what he's
saying oh he got away Oh see there you
go that's what I'm talking about
it is a stuff eat up young man bye-bye
and flower flip and feed the rest
of the decks rest in peace
[Applause]
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it